Quickreport.it Privacy policy


What information do we collect?

We collect information from you when you use the email notifier, send a image or fill out a form on our site.

What do we use your information for?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

To personalise your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)

To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offering based on the information and feedback we receive from you)

To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)

To send response emails

The email address you provide for this service, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your requests and feedback/comments.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold,exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other the the express purpose of delivering the service requested by you the customer.

How do we protect your information?

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access our web services.

Do we use cookies?

We do use cookies, we only do so to store your email on your own device for your own use when you use this service.  

Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

We do not sell,trade,or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or other rights, property, or safety. However, non personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Third party links

Occasionally,at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or serves on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy polices. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feed about these sites.

Online privacy policy only

This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.

Terms and conditions

Please also visit our terms and conditions section establishing the use, disclaimer, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.quickreport.it/R/phuket/legal/terms.txt

Your consent

By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy

Changes to our privacy policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.

This policy was last modified on 01/11/13

Contacting us

If there any question regarding this privacy policy you can contact us using the information below

http://www.quickreport.it
quickreport.it@gmail.com



