Quickreport.it Terms of Service

This Agreement was last modified on november 01, 2013.

Please read these Terms of Service completely using quickreport.it which is owned and operated by quickreport.it. This Agreement documents the legally binding terms and conditions attached to the use of the Site at quickreport.it

By using or accessing the Site in any way, viewing or browsing the Site, or adding your own content to the Site, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms of Service.

Intellectual Property

The Site and all of its original content are the sole property of quickreport.it and are, as such, fully protected by the appropriate international copyright and other intellectual property rights laws.

Termination

Quickreport.it reserves the right to terminate your access to the site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.

Links to Other Websites

Our Site does contain a number of links to other websites and online resources that are not owned or controlled by quickreport.it.
Quickreport.it has no control over, and therefore cannot assume responsibility for, the content or general practices of any of these third party sites and/or services. Therefore, we strongly advise you to read the entire terms and conditions and privacy policy of any site that you visit as a result of following a link that is posted on our site.

Governing Law 

This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United Kingdom, United Kingdom, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.

Changes to This Agreement

Quickreport.it reserves the right to modify these Terms of Service at any time. We do so by posting and drawing attention to the updated terms on the Site. Your decision to continue to visit and make use of the Site after such changes have been made constitutes your formal acceptance of the new Terms of Service.
Therefore, we ask that you check and review this Agreement for such changes on an occasional basis. Should you not agree to any provision of this Agreement or any changes we make to this Agreement, we ask and advise that you do not use or continue to access the quickreport.it site immediately.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Agreement, please feel free to contact us at




